Redirects UI text, AIW instructions, library fixes (#2137)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/create-okta-application/index.md

    <a href="https://developer.okta.com/login" target="_blank" class="Button--blue">Go to Admin Console</a>

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Applications** > **Applications**.
1. Click **Create App Integration**.
1. Select **OIDC - OpenID Connect** as the **Sign-in method**.

> 1. Select **Web Application** as the **Application type** and click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Web Application** as the **Application type**, and click **Next**.
```

>     > **Note:** It is important to choose the appropriate application type for apps that are public clients. Failing to do so may result in Okta API endpoints attempting to verify an app's client secret, which public clients aren't designed to have, hence breaking the sign-in or sign-out flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** It is important to choose the appropriate application type for apps that are public clients. Failing to do so may result in Okta API endpoints attempting to verify an app's client secret, which public clients aren't designed to have, and would break the sign-in or sign-out flow.
```
